you join us here at the northern
nocturnal cracker consumption
championships is a windy night here in
York these two competitors have only one
minute to eat three brand name cream
crackers sounds easy really isn't as
they can't be finding out the tale of
the tape shows Matt with a slight
advantage in both height and bounciness
but gary built for leisure not the speed
might still come from behind but it's
not looking good for these two
competitors only 15 seconds in and
already a bit of the giggles as the
crackers suck any saliva route of the
mouth in much the same way as Simon
Cowell sucks originality out of music
they'll find eating increasingly
difficult but alone actually managing to
choke the crackers down their throats
groans of pain they're from Gary
spectators clearly not impressed but
then both men have had a couple drinks
beforehand and don't exactly look like
the most sane of people halfway through
already and neither man has managed to
eat even one cracker mat too busy trying
to keep the laughter in let alone the
hydrophilic hardtack crumb spraying
everywhere that will help the final
scoring at all desperate coughing starts
now mat attempting to eat the crackers
one at a time well Gary just continue
stuffing dry weight into his garb the
final seconds approach now my word let's
see that in slow motion a copping
cracker expulsion from Garrett oh that's
poor sportsmanship as he does begin
throwing spear craft and mat but it
doesn't matter at this stage it's all
over with one cracker
each come soon both men stunned by the
difficulty of the challenge let's rerun
the fun
so tie one cracker each the rest in
crumbs oh and a backhanded takeout
cracker dump from that there what a way
to end the show
until next time I've been Tom Scott this
has been the northern nocturnal cracker
consumption championships